% We would like to prettyprint a tree!

% Tree is a term

% Nodes are dicts

% Dicts refer to their parent Dict (the value for 'parent' shall be it)

% Every dict is given a unique random id

% What do we want to represent? Maybe a box with a name inside only for now

% How to do it?

% We have immutable datastructure, so....

% The current state is a dict, keying attributes by node id

% With that said:

% 1) Label every dict with its depth (root has depth 0)

% 2) All the nodes on the a given depth: find max width of label and how many entroies are there

% 3) Recursively rebox from leafs to root:

% 4) At depth Nfor any node collet its childrn.
%


Prettyprint a tree in ASCII
---------------------------

The tree will be rotated by 90°, root on the left, leaves on the right

Tree nodes will be represented by SWI-Prolog dicts, they assemble a variety of entries: attribute/value pairs, in one block.
Tree nodes will be collected in a tree node container.
This could be for example a list.
However, we use a dict. In that way, every tree node can be given a unique name, which is the key in the dict.
Note that if you "have" the node, you cannot find the name of the node unless we store that explicitly in the node, too.
However in that case, nodes cannot be content-shared among differently name nodes.
Not having information about edges in the node restricts them to actual "node content" distinct from the
tree stretucture content. Bot then can change individually (and changin means replacing entired nodes!)

If a node contzent changes - you change the dict in the node container
If the tree structure changes - you change the pairs of names in the edge container
However, you cannot call a predicate which has purely "node context" unless it is working on node contents only because
it has no access to the name.

This is a structure that doesn't use "direct references" (as a Prolog term does for example) but
is more like a relational database table structure, which uses "names in context" (id fields in a table)
to identify content and to link content (by foreign key).

This is pretty good!

Tree edges will be represented indirectly, via naming.

The tree nodes may need algorithmic meta-content: 

- Distance from root
- Number of children

can be kept in a edge dictionary (edge dict)



